Create 2021-00030 - GitLab Unauthenticated RCE Flaw.md (#175)
DIVD-NL/sites: www.divd.nl/reports/2021-00030 - GitLab Unauthenticated RCE Flaw.md

---
title: Report DIVD-2021-00030 - GitLab Unauthenticated RCE Flaw
date: November 19, 2021
author: Jeroen van de Weerd

> excerpt: We have received a list of GitLab servers running a vulnerable version of GitLab from security researchers at Censys.io. An issue has been discovered in GitLab CE/EE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: We have received multiple lists of GitLab servers running a vulnerable version of GitLab from security researchers at Censys.io. An issue has been discovered in GitLab CE/EE. we have notified their administrators.
```
